so Riley how was the first day of school
I I guess did you guys pick up on that
something's wrong signal the
husband
she's looking at us what did she say oh
sorry sir no one was listening is it
garbage night we left the toilet seat up
what is it woman what
I'm joy this is sadness that's anger god
this is discussed and that's fear wow
we're Riley's emotions these are
righties memories they're mostly happy
you'll notice not drag I learned to
maybe hold on what happened sadness she
did something to the memory is
everything okay Oh No thank you fat choy
great joy no memories
can I say that curse work now what do we
do now nothing's working what is it a
one page we have a major problem all I
wish joy was here we can fix this we
just have to get back to headquarters
that's long-term memory you could get
lost in there think positive okay I'm
positive you will get lost in there
what's that was it bear there are no
bears in San Francisco I saw a really
hairy guy he looked like a bear
it's place is huge imaginationland know
what dream productions rainbow unicorn
she's right there I loved you in fairy
dream adventure part 7 okay bye I love
you you can't focus on what's going
wrong there's always a way to turn
things around
stock room congratulations San Francisco
get ruined pizza
who's the birthday girl
brain freeze
finally here we come